PMM-12712   Collect Data about Sharded collections in MongoDB (#1201)
percona/pmm-doc: docs/release-notes/2.41.1.md

## Improvements

> - [PMM-12712](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12712) - A new metric collection, `mongodb_sharded_collection_chunks_count`, has been introduced to show how the collection is distributed among different shards.on distribution across different shards. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [PMM-12712](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12712) -  Added a new metric collection for MongoDB exporters: `mongodb_sharded_collection_chunks_count`. Use this new metric to assess the distribution of a collection across different shards, and get valuable insights into their load balance.
```

Reviewer 2: Name of metric were change to 'mongodb_shards_collection_chunks_count' so instead _sharded_ there is _shards_. It would be good to mention that metric is for sharded Mongos. Everything else sounds good.

> [PMM-12712](https://jira.percona.com/browse/PMM-12712) -  Added a new metric collection for MongoDB exporters: `mongodb_shards_collection_chunks_count`. Metric is available on sharded Mongo. Use this new metric to assess the distribution of a collection across different shards, and get valuable insights into their load balance.

Reviewer 2: @catalinaadam Please take a look on latest changes and feel free to correct it.

Reviewer: Looks good! thank you
